Create demand-generation-specialist.md (#4271)
FlowFuse/website: src/handbook/peopleops/job-descriptions/demand-generation-specialist.md

---
navTitle: Demand Generation Specialist
navGroup: Job Descriptions
---

# Demand Generation Specialist

## Job Description

We are seeking a highly motivated and strategic Demand Generation Specialist to join our marketing team. In this role, you will be responsible for nurturing leads throughout the funnel, activating marketing qualified leads (MQLs), and converting warm prospects into sales opportunities. You will work closely with the product marketing, sales, and content teams to create engagement strategies that move prospects through the buyer journey and accelerate pipeline velocity.

> You will own the middle and bottom of funnel activation, including email nurture campaigns, webinar programs, content syndication, lead scoring and routing, and account-based marketing (ABM) initiatives. Your primary focus will be to bridge the gap between top-of-funnel awareness (driven by paid media) and sales-ready opportunities, ensuring no lead is left behind and maximizing the conversion of marketing investments into pipeline.

Reviewer: I think this was covered in the first paragraph
```suggestion
```

This role works in close collaboration with our Growth Manager (external partner managing paid media execution) but focuses on what happens after the lead comes in - nurturing, qualifying, and converting.

## Key Responsibilities

* Design and execute email nurture campaigns to engage leads at different stages of the buyer journey, including lead nurture, product education, and re-engagement campaigns
* Manage lead scoring, qualification criteria, and routing processes to ensure marketing qualified leads (MQLs) are properly handed off to sales

> * Plan and execute webinar programs from end-to-end, including topic selection, promotion, registration management, delivery coordination, and follow-up nurture

Author: Yes, agree - they will still lead the Webinars and the demandgen will execute the demand generation around them - promo, registration funnel, post-event conversions... (I'm changing the wording though)

> * Plan and execute webinar programs from end-to-end, including topic selection, promotion, registration management, delivery coordination, and follow-up nurture

Author: ```suggestion
* Plan and execute demand generation around webinar programs in collaboration with the team (webinar promotion, registration funnel, post-event conversions, etc)
```
